um hey guys Ryan here today and I want
to show you guys have to get a little
thing called rsbot so basically what our
spot is is it is a runescape bot and it
will do like lots of stuff for you and I
know people are against bots and stuff
but I used to like wonder how to get box
and like I thought this would be like a
good video to do so basically go to ww
power borg and first sign it so make an
account and stuff I already have mine
but so basically once you make your
account you've signed in so now that I'm
signed in you do download now so almost
download it so just in case there's a
new one which yeah wow there's actually
quite a few updates okay so I've got
this new one just drag it out here so
I'll open this so this is your like
actual bot thing and this is what's
gonna do your body for you so well this
is loading we can do so to get your
actual scripts for room the bot to run
you are logged in and you can do free
and then let's say I want one that will
chop down wood for me so I'll type in
wood and I already have this one but
you'd click the little X here and then
you would add it and then it's in your
lists so basically this open and they
should you slowed um you're going to
want to under this there will probably
be they'll be like a sign-in see sign in
to your
out on this he just made so that's how
you access your actual observed villa
let's how you access your actual your
scripts so incest updates i'll show you
how to use those scripts then just
finishing this um I think it's pretty
simple it's actually a really good way
to get bots and stuff um or not well
yeah d scripts and I think RuneScape's
are really it's a fun game but it's
really really tedious so um think that's
my password no okay yeah okay so I'm in
and then you just do play any it doesn't
matter um so once I get into this is
where the real fun starts so I've got
this whole bot open um I've selected my
scripts my scripts on my account that i
have now you just wait let's deload
andrian scape as you guys all know is a
really laggy ass piece of but
that's what you get um alright here we
go so I you want to like eggs doubt all
this and basically minimize
everything so it's pretty small um for
this we'll just go over there and back
quick oh god it's like and more than
normal but not here I think it's just
because there's so many people
okay so I so now I've got my rune
hatchet so cooked whatever you need and
then go edit and play so this will go to
your your actual scripts so okay
actually play now I get a login okay
here we go so you don't need this
because it's we don't have a full but I
want to cut down these trees so I'll use
the 1i added L woodcutter so I do play
so now this will load up the scripts
that you can only know if you've got a
free account it used to be unlimited and
I like this but now you can pay seven
dollars somebody get VIP and then you've
got unlimited but the scripts will eggs
after two hours but it's still it's good
like two hours so for this banking so I
select willow tree because that's what i
want you can select like just normal
trees at willow so willow pick your
location Draenor because that's where
we're in you can pick up bird nests
sorry about that beep oh this is a
different thing but you'll every script
will have this opening thing then I just
do start this will open it should have
blocked my input so I can't click on the
screen but this will just run and now
it's cutting down the trees and doing
everything that it's supposed to do so i
hope this video helped you guys and I
swear to god this is legit um never been
banned and never been hacked or anything
like this is good um makes lots of money
gains your levels like so I hope you
guys liked this tutorial and if you guys
want more like this or more to get
different scripts or something if you're
having problems just message me or put
it in the chat and hope you guys liked
it thanks for watching but